Words added to wordlist.txt to tackle the spellcheck errors thrown (#73)
kubeslice/docs: blog/2022-09-8-office-hours.mdx

One of the most important things is Observability, and you should be able to monitor the application performance and know where it's going, so suppose it could be a good idea to install some applications at the edge so they can provide a lower latency version of their service to the end consumers and hence increased awareness of where traffic is going can help you decide where to put your applications and are a crucial component of observability.
Multi-tenancy here means the capacity to essentially carve off and assemble the cluster resources and link them to various organizations or teams. 

> *Contribution Road map*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*Contribution Roadmap*
```

> In the [KubeSlice Road map](https://github.com/orgs/kubeslice/projects/4/views/1), we've put a number of concepts in place here as well as some  items that are initiatives which you may start and continue, and there are some reasonable approaches to get familiar with KubeSlice.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the [KubeSlice Roadmap](https://github.com/orgs/kubeslice/projects/4/views/1), we've put a number of concepts in place here as well as some  items that are initiatives which you may start and continue, and there are some reasonable approaches to get familiar with KubeSlice.
```

that  when a contributor adds something to the examples, or to the open source software itself in the controller, they are aware of appropriate procedures, and can develop and test it properly so they may be sure what they're doing isn't harmful or breaking anything, and when it will be able to pass, they can contribute by providing a new test to confirm this new functionality.

> You can jump in here, the [KubeSlice Road map](https://github.com/orgs/kubeslice/projects/4/views/1), and feel free to take up any issue and again you can reach out on the  #kubeslice channel on the [Kubernetes slack](https://slack.k8s.io/) where we hang out, if you have questions about something or if you need any guidance and support. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can jump in here, the [KubeSlice Roadmap](https://github.com/orgs/kubeslice/projects/4/views/1), and feel free to take up any issue and again you can reach out on the  #kubeslice channel on the [Kubernetes slack](https://slack.k8s.io/) where we hang out, if you have questions about something or if you need any guidance and support. 
```
